c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.exe.config
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.exe
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.pdb
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.exe
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.pdb
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.exe.config
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.exe
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.pdb
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.exe
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\StreamingHub.pdb
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\StreamingHub\obj\Debug\StreamingHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
