c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe.config
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.pdb
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe
c:\users\cognizant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.pdb
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe.config
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.pdb
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.exe
D:\IoTHub\IoTHub\SendCloudToDevice\obj\Debug\SendCloudToDevice.pdb
